(Reference W2234)

Dear Daniel Strauss,

I am writing in response to your advertisement for the vacancy in visual computing for neuroscience. I believe my experience, skills and qualification are not only an asset, but an ideal match to the requirements of your operation.

I currently live in Göttingen, where I very recently finished my M.Sc. studies in Applied Computer Science at the Georg-August University. I have specialized in Scientific Computing. During my studies I took three consecutive courses on Mathematical Signal and Image Processing at the Institute of Numerical and Applied Mathematics. I am therefore well-acquainted with many of the methods utilized of computer vision.

Presently, I work at the Institute of Propulsion Technology at the German Aerospace Center, where I wrote my master's thesis in cooperation with my university. In the course of this thesis project I developed a turbine blade cooling geometry generator called CoolingGen. The German Aerospace Center have their own CAD kernel. In order to be able to design cooling geometries using a relatively small set of user input parameters, I had to extend the CAD kernel by methods such as ray-marching and surface/surface intersection. The small set of input parameters yields a semantic interface between geometry creation and physical function. I was able to prove my deep mathematical understanding of linear algebra and computer-aided design and my implementation talent in C/C++ and Python. To assess the quality of certain features of the software, the project CoolingGen also required me to communicate features and requirements with an interdisciplinary team, which was not only pleasant, but always yielded much productive value.

My previous experience in signal processing and image reconstruction makes me the perfect candidate to not only develop, but also implement a screening technique for respiratory infections. I am looking forward to closely working within a team of experts dedicated to this objective.

Even though I whole-heartedly enjoy my current work, I feel that I have to move on. Developing a potentially life-saving medical instrument, utilizing a powerful technique such as deep learning in this context and also learning about the human respiratory system is an opportunity I feel very motivated to seize.