\newcommand{\myRecipient}{
		\textbf{KU Leuven}\\
		Oude Markt 13\\
		3000 Leuven\\
		Belgium
}
PhD position -- Regularized reconstructions for industrial computed tomography

Text:
Dear Ann Witvrouw,

I am writing in response to your advertisement for the PhD vacancy in the development of regularized reconstructions for industrial computed tomography. I believe my experience, skills and qualification are not only an asset, but an ideal match to the requirements of your operation.

I currently live in Göttingen, where I very recently finished my M.Sc. studies in Applied Computer Science at the Georg-August University. I have specialized in Scientific Computing. During my studies I took three consecutive courses on Mathematical Signal and Image Processing at the Institute of Numerical and Applied Mathematics, the last of which taught computer tomography. I am therefore not only well-acquainted with Fourier analysis, but also with the Radon transform, which is the historical foundation of tomography.

Presently, I work at the Institute of Propulsion Technology at the German Aerospace Center, where I wrote my master's thesis in cooperation with my university. In the course of this thesis project I developed a turbine blade cooling geometry generator called CoolingGen. The German Aerospace Center have their own CAD kernel. In order to be able to design cooling geometries using a relatively small set of user input parameters, I had to extend the CAD kernel by methods such as ray-marching and surface/surface intersection. The small set of input parameters yields a semantic interface between geometry creation and physical function. I was able to prove my deep mathematical understanding of linear algebra and computer-aided design and my implementation talent in C/C++ and Python. To assess the quality of certain features of the software, the project CoolingGen also required me to communicate features and requirements with an interdisciplinary team, which was not only pleasant, but always yielded much productive value.

My previous experience in signal processing and image reconstruction makes me the perfect PhD candidate to not only develop, but also implement a technique which is closely related to the inversion of the John transform. I am looking forward to closely working within a team of experts dedicated to this objective.

Even though I whole-heartedly enjoy my current work, I feel that I have to move on. Tomography is an amalgamation of various interesting sciences, a life-saving medical instrument and an amazing assessment tool in my previous line of work. Given that this position is also in the beautiful city of Leuven, I am compelled to apply.